Sort changelog and add date for 0.8.35 release (#16645)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

### 0.8.35 (2026-04-29)

Language Features:
* General: Add a builtin that computes the base slot of a storage namespace using the `erc7201` formula from ERC-7201.

Compiler Features:
* Commandline Interface: Disallow selecting the deprecated assembly input mode that was only accessible via `--assemble` instead of treating it as equivalent to `--strict-assembly`.
* Commandline Interface: Introduce `--experimental` flag required for enabling the experimental mode.

> * Commandline Interface: Replace `--ethdebug` and `--ethdebug-runtime` with more granular `--ethdebug-resources`, `--ethdebug-compilation`, `--ethdebug-program` and `--ethdebug-program-runtime` flags. Per-contract program outputs no longer force full binary compilation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Commandline Interface: Replace the experimental `--ethdebug` and `--ethdebug-runtime` outputs with the more granular `--ethdebug-resources`, `--ethdebug-compilation`, `--ethdebug-program` and `--ethdebug-program-runtime`. Requesting the `ethdebug/format/info/resources` schema artifacts also no longer forces full binary compilation.
```

I think the second sentence refers to this bit from #16460:
> - All ethdebug outputs currently require full compilation, even parts of the info schema.
>     - [Requesting the "ethdebug" per-contract output triggers full compilation](https://github.com/argotorg/solidity/blob/v0.8.33/libsolidity/interface/StandardCompiler.cpp#L262-L266), even though the output does not exist. This actually looks like a bug.

Firstly, that was about the Standard JSON output, not about the CLI flags, which this changelog entry refers to. Secondly, this is really a minor subpoint of the whole subtask. What's much more important is the general point that for each ethdebug output the compiler now properly runs only those pipeline stages that are necessary.

The changelog entry also does not mention that the feature is experimental.

Reviewer: This also does not say anything about changes to `--debug-info`.

* EVM: Introduce experimental EVM version `@future`.
* General: Improve performance of sanity checks throughout the compiler implementation.
* General: Introduce the SSA CFG codegen (experimental).
* General: Restrict the existing experimental features (`generic-solidity`, `lsp`, `ethdebug`, `eof`, `evm`, `ast-import`, `evmasm-import`, `ir-ast`, `ssa-cfg`) to experimental mode.
* Metadata: Store the state of the experimental mode in JSON and CBOR metadata. In CBOR this broadens the meaning of the existing `experimental` field, which used to indicate only the presence of certain experimental pragmas in the source.
* Standard JSON Interface: Introduce `settings.experimental` setting required for enabling the experimental mode.

> * Standard JSON Interface: Replace the top-level `ethdebug` output with `ethdebug.resources` and `ethdebug.compilation`. Decouple ethdebug outputs from binary compilation so that global ethdebug outputs can be produced without generating bytecode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Standard JSON Interface: Replace the experimental top-level `ethdebug` output with `ethdebug.resources` and `ethdebug.compilation`. Decouple ethdebug outputs from binary compilation so that requesting the `ethdebug/format/info/resources` schema artifacts does not trigger bytecode generation.
```

Compiler Features:
* Commandline Interface: Disallow selecting the deprecated assembly input mode that was only accessible via `--assemble` instead of treating it as equivalent to `--strict-assembly`.
* Commandline Interface: Introduce `--experimental` flag required for enabling the experimental mode.

> * Commandline Interface: Replace the experimental `--ethdebug` and `--ethdebug-runtime` outputs with more the granular `--ethdebug-resources`, `--ethdebug-compilation`, `--ethdebug-program` and `--ethdebug-program-runtime`. Producing `ethdebug/format/info/resources` no longer forces full binary compilation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Commandline Interface: Replace the experimental `--ethdebug` and `--ethdebug-runtime` outputs with the more granular `--ethdebug-resources`, `--ethdebug-compilation`, `--ethdebug-program` and `--ethdebug-program-runtime`. Producing `ethdebug/format/info/resources` no longer forces full binary compilation.
```
